Submit number:  5
submitterName: Richard Reed
documentId: USTR-2018-0005-1172
Organization:  NA
commentText: I am writing to ask you to stand up for free trade and oppose tariffs on imported Chinese goods. If these proposed tariffs go through, American consumers can expect to pay up to $100 more on TVs from China. Tariffs also put at risk the 7 million American jobs that are tied to trade with China.



If the administrations proposed tariffs take effect, Americans can expect a higher cost of living.  Access to imports boosts the purchasing power of the average American household by about $18,000 annually.

 

If Washington wants to hold China accountable for its bad actions, tariffs are not the solution. I dont want to be in the middle of a trade war between the U.S. and China. These tax hikes hurt my familys bottom line and are the wrong solution. Please abandon Section 301 tariffs against China.


Submit number:  6
submitterName: Gary D. Woodruff
documentId: USTR-2018-0005-0641
Organization:  NA
commentText: As a Farm Bureau member, I am very concerned about low commodity prices, and the impact of higher tariffs. I ask the U.S. Trade Representative to negotiate on behalf of American farmers to lower tariffs and open markets for our agricultural products.

Farmers are facing very difficult times. In fact, net farm income is down more than 50 percent - highlighting the importance of keeping the farm economy as strong as possible. We need to be able to export our excess products, and having open markets is critical. Government assistance will not make up for the long-term loss of global markets. And, as a farmer, I'd prefer to earn my income from the marketplace.

The tariffs race between the United States and China is very concerning. Consider that China is the second largest agricultural export destination for the United States, and the fifth largest for Pennsylvania. Raising tariffs on Chinese products, and prompting retaliation on American agricultural exports to China will have negative consequences on the farm economy.

Please oppose higher tariffs, and instead lower barriers to trade and open markets. It is only through negotiation - not a tariff race - that we can produce an agreement that serves the interests of both the United States and China.


Submit number:  7
submitterName: George Gregg
documentId: USTR-2018-0005-0685
Organization:  NA
commentText: As a Farm Bureau member, I am very concerned about low commodity prices, and the impact of higher tariffs. I ask the U.S. Trade Representative to negotiate on behalf of American farmers to lower tariffs and open markets for our agricultural products.

Farmers are facing very difficult times. In fact, net farm income is down more than 50 percent - highlighting the importance of keeping the farm economy as strong as possible. We need to be able to export our excess products, and having open markets is critical. Government assistance will not make up for the long-term loss of global markets. And, as a farmer, I'd prefer to earn my income from the marketplace.

The tariffs race between the United States and China is very concerning. Consider that China is the second largest agricultural export destination for the United States, and the fifth largest for Pennsylvania. Raising tariffs on Chinese products, and prompting retaliation on American agricultural exports to China will have negative consequences on the farm economy.

Please oppose higher tariffs, and instead lower barriers to trade and open markets. It is only through negotiation - not a tariff race - that we can produce an agreement that serves the interests of both the United States and China.


Submit number:  8
submitterName: Ilene Sandiford
documentId: USTR-2018-0005-1726
Organization:  NA
commentText: Please support free trade and oppose the tariffs on China. If these tariffs take effect, China retaliates and $100 additional tariffs are put in place, the economy loses and so do American workers. The USA can expect to lose as much as 450,000 American jobs. If the White House wants to hold China accountable for its bad actions, tariffs are not the way to go. For America to be number one, we need tax reform, less red tape and trade that doesnt penalize American families and businesses.


Submit number:  9
submitterName: Micah Ackley
documentId: USTR-2018-0005-1768
Organization:  NA
commentText: If Washington wants to hold China accountable for its bad actions, new trade taxes are not the solution. Tariffs are tax hikes that hurt Americans bottom line and are the wrong solution. 

 

If these proposed tariffs go through and China retaliates, overall U.S. output would decline by nearly $3 billion, international U.S exports would decrease by $33.5 billion and almost 134,000 workers would lose their jobs.

 

Stand up for the American economy and its workers by not placing tariffs on Americans.


Submit number:  10
submitterName: Anne Hoef
documentId: USTR-2018-0005-0336
Organization:  NA
commentText: See attached file(s) 
pdf file includes signatures

Request to Appear

Person Presenting Testimony:

Anne Hoef, Treasurer
Mabuchi Motor America Corp.
3001 W Big Beaver, Suite 328
Troy, MI  48084

a.hoef.fdc@mabuchi-motor.com

(248) 816-3100 x15

Attachment Title  1 :  Mabuchi Motor_Anne Hoef_301 China Tariff submission
Attachment Title  2 :  Mabuchi Motor_Anne Hoef_301 China Tariff submission with signatures


Submit number:  11
submitterName: Doug Randolph
documentId: USTR-2018-0005-3110
Organization:  Deran Gear, Inc.
commentText: In regards to USTR-2018-0005, the proposed tariffs will negatively affect a majority of the parts we use in the assembly of
our finished products, gear drives, increasing the duties paid on these imported items by as much
as 25%. This cost will inevitably have to be passed through to our customers in order for us to
continue to thrive as a business. This price increase is something we would like to avoid if at all
possible.
	It may be possible to fabricate the parts we need in-house or purchase them from a domestic
manufacturer, however at this time this proves difficult for several reasons. We would argue that a
majority of the machines used to fabricate parts domestically have been shipped overseas in order
to increase the level of quality of imported products over the last several years. With these machines
went the tooling required to produce the product lines that are now being fabricated overseas. We
do not have the manufacturing capability within the United States that we once had. Though we still
own and maintain some necessary production machinery at our own facility in the U.S., we believe
that the start-up pressures and costs would put a massive strain on the industry as a whole. It would
be an incredibly slow and arduous process to both procure the required equipment and train a
workforce with little to no experience. With these new hurdles to jump, it will be next to impossible
to stay competitive with competitors abroad. It is reasonable to forecast a dramatic dip in exports
from the manufacturing sector.
	It is our opinion that the implementation of the proposed tariffs will be detrimental to our
core business as we're sure it will be to many others in our industry. 
Attachment Title  1 :  Protest Letter, 5-11-2018


Submit number:  12
submitterName: Ashley Mason
documentId: USTR-2018-0005-0127
Organization:  NA
commentText: I am a Farm Bureau member of Kansas and I am extremely concerned about raising tariffs and falling commodity prices for our agricultural products. I am asking our United States Trade Representative to negotiate on behalf of American farmers and ranchers to lower tariffs and to expand markets for our products. 

Kansas farmers and ranchers, our state and rural communities are facing extremely difficult times. Many commodities are nearing their lowest prices in decades. If America is to continue to feed the world, we need open markets to receive our goods. No level of government assistance will make up for the long-term loss of global markets, and farmers and ranchers would much rather earn their income from the marketplace. 

The solution to the tariffs race is for the United States and China to negotiate and produce an agreement that serves the interests of the worlds two largest economies.

Please oppose higher tariffs and, instead, lower barriers and open markets for the hard-working farmers and ranchers across the country. Thank you very much.


Submit number:  13
submitterName: Eric Zimmerman
documentId: USTR-2018-0005-1727
Organization:  NA
commentText: Please support free trade and oppose the tariffs on China. If these tariffs take effect, China retaliates and $100 additional tariffs are put in place, the economy loses and so do American workers. The USA can expect to lose as much as 450,000 American jobs. If the White House wants to hold China accountable for its bad actions, tariffs are not the way to go. For America to be number one, we need tax reform, less red tape and trade that doesnt penalize American families and businesses.


Submit number:  14
submitterName: William Mount
documentId: USTR-2018-0005-0363
Organization:  NA
commentText: I am a Missouri Farm Bureau member who is extremely concerned about the impacts of Chinese retaliatory tariffs on agricultural goods. China is the #2 destination for U.S. agricultural products, of which Missouri is a top ten producer in multiple commodities. One in every three rows of Missouri soybeans is exported to China, not to mention pork, cotton, beef, sorghum, wheat, and other goods. 

With the farm economy experiencing a prolonged period of low prices, and net farm income projected to hit a twelve-year low this year, I do not believe now is the time to enter a trade war with China. I urge USTR to work with their counterparts in the Administration and in China to develop a solution that does not impose tariffs, but rather works for both countries and promotes market access and barrier reduction.

Not only does a trade war involving agricultural products hurt farmers directly, it will affect broad segments of our economy that serve farmers. Farm equipment manufacturers will be impacted severely, if farmers do not have the cash flow to purchase new equipment. Companies selling seed, fertilizers, and agricultural chemicals will be hit, as well. Local suppliers of fuel, animal feed, and grain storage services will suffer.  A trade war with China will be disasterous for the American farmer, and for the broader economy as well.


